Added instruction about nodejs (#1)
szydan/gists: setup/nodejs.md

# Setting up nodejs

> Even if you do not work with multiple nodejs versions it is good to be able to switch to different version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if you don't work with multiple nodejs versions, it's good to be able to switch to a different version. 
```

> Best tool for that is called `node version manager` in short `nvm` and can be installed following instructions at [https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best tool for that is called 'nvm' short for 'node version manager'  and can be found at this link [https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)
```

> After proper installation you should be able to run following command in your shell 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you install the 'nvm' you should be able to run the following command in your terminal
```

```sh
nvm --version # should print something like 0.39.0
```

> Then to install a node type (below we will install two versions 16.18.0 and 16.18.1) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then if you need to install a specific nodejs version, (for example nvm instal 16.18. 0) just use the instructions below
```

```
nvm install 16.18.0
nvm install 16.18.1
```

> If you want 16.18.1 to be the default one when you open new terminal 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want 16.18.1 to be the default one when you open a new terminal 
```

```
nvm alias default 16.18.1
```

### To automate switching to correct version of node in your project

Create a file called `.nvmrc` in your project root folder.

> The content of the file is just a node version 

Reviewer: what do you mean 'just' :[

See example in this repository [here](../../.nvmrc)

> Then to switch to the correct node we just need to run 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to switch to the correct node we just need to run 
```

> Then to switch to the correct node we just need to run 

Reviewer: run where??????????????

```
nvm use
```

> Setting it us this way in every project is super handy as you no longer have to remember what node version yu should be running. Nvm will figure it out for you
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting it up this way in every project is super handy as you no longer have to remember what node version you should pick. Nvm will figure it out for you 👍 

```

# Setting up nodejs

Even if you don't work with multiple nodejs versions, it's good to be able to switch to a different version. 
The best tool for that is called `nvm` short for `node version manager` and can be found at this link [https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

> When installing nvm pay attension to the lines printed in your terminal at the end of the installation process. Usually it will ask you to paste a line into one of `.profile` files for your shell. To which one is specific to the shell you are using.

Reviewer: make it more clear after the first sentence

> For example I am using bash shell so I had to paste it into my `~/.bashrc` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example I am using a/the bash shell so I had to paste it into my `~/.bashrc` 
```

> but if you use zsh shell you might need to paste it into `~/.zshrc`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but if you use the zsh shell you might need to paste it into `~/.zshrc`
```

After you install the 'nvm' you should be able to run the following command in your terminal.

```sh
nvm --version # should print something like 0.39.0
```

> Then if you need to install a specific nodejs version, (for example 16.18.0 and 16.18.1) just use the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then if you need to install a specific nodejs version, (for example 16.18.0 or 16.18.1) just use the instructions below.
```

```
nvm install 16.18.0
nvm install 16.18.1
```

> If you want 16.18.1 to be the default one when you open a new terminal, run the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want 16.18.1 to be the default one when you open a new terminal then run the following command.
```
